As they walked closer, under the shade of the trees, Juliet’s heart started racing faster and faster. The trees seemed to loom over her, the animals watching, ready to strike. Harriet put her hand on Juliet’s shoulder, “Don’t worry!”
From the front, someone screamed, Juliet jumped. Her eyes widened with fear, “BOO!” yelled James, and she screamed. 
“HEY!” barked Mr. Hellow from the front. “Don’t freak out, it’s just a bug!” 
Juliet sighed and kept walking forwards. “UP THERE IS A MONKEY!” yelled Mr. Hellow, Juliet just kept walking. 
Suddenly, she fell forwards, into Will’s backpack, “Hey, watch it!” he yelled. 
She noticed that his backpack felt lumpy, like a pillowcase with the pillow put in wrong. She stared at it but said nothing, “You okay?” asked Harriet. 
“Yeah, Will’s backpack saved me! I wonder what’s in there.” 
“Yeah, me too.” 
They kept walking, arm in arm. Juliet noticed how there was a variety of different trees: Maple, Willow, Oak, Redwood, etc. She was mesmerized by the beauty of the forest, her fears forgotten. Suddenly, Will screamed, “MR. HELLOW!!! I NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM!”
From the frog of the line, Mr. Hellow sighed. “Go over there,” he pointed, “do your business.”
The class watched Will jog behind some trees. Juliet noticed something, “Was he acting weird?” she asked Harriet. 
“He brought his backpack with him, I mean, who does that?” 
James looked over his shoulder at them, then he screamed. He pointed, his finger shaking, “Be..be-be-behind you.”
Juliet and Harriet both glared at him, “This better not be another joke of yours,” they said. 
James was silent. Juliet slowly turned her head. She screamed. Harriet turned her head suddenly and was stunned into silences. 
Juliet’s brain finally processed what she was seeing, a giant green-brown snake with a head twice the size of hers. Its tongue slithered out and made a sssssss sound. She screamed again and turned right, running as far away as she could.
On the way, she passed a smug-looking Will who turned stunned. She ran past him, and many tall, scary-looking trees. From behind she heard footsteps racing after her, and Harriet’s voice calling, “COME BACK!”
Juliet kept running until she couldn’t. She skidded to a stop in front of a tall maple tree. Harriet, who as it turned out, was still running, ran right past her and made a quick turn straight into the maple tree. “Owwww,” she complained, “Why do trees have to be so hard?”
Juliet laughed, “That’s their defensive mechanism for people who bump into them.” 
Harriet turned and suddenly looked grim. “Why did you run?”
Juliet turned red, she had just embarrassed herself in front of their entire class. “There was a snake,” she said. 
“It was a doll,” informed Harriet. 
“IT WAS!” 
“Yeah, it was Will’s idea.”
Juliet felt like she was going to explode, “WILL DECIDED TO SCARE ME WITH A SNAKE DOLL?!”
“Yeah.”
Juliet was about to speak, “I-”
“Which way did we come from?”
Uh-oh, If they were lost in the Wild Forest, they would be in big trouble. “We should probably go that way,” said Harriet, pointing past the maple tree. “That’s where I came from.” 
“Okay.” 
They headed towards Harriet’s finger point. They passed trees, and flowers, “OOOH!” cried Harriet, “Blackberries!” she licked her lips
“I haven’t had any in forever,” she said. 
“They could be poisonous,” warned Juliet. 
“Fine, I’ll just pick a few just in case,” said Harriet. 
“In case of what?” asked Juliet. 
“In case we get stuck and run out of food,” Harriet informed her friend. 
“But then wouldn’t it attract bears?”
“I’ll just get a few, I mean there aren’t even bears here!” 
“Well, there we aren’t going to get lost either.”
“Hm!” they both grunted and turned their head away from each other. 
The two girls walked in silence. Juliet started sweating, “Are you sure this is the right way?” she finally asked, “It feels like we’ve been going for hours! The sun’s going down!” 
“That’s bad!” Juliet remembered what Will had said, at night, ghosts come out because it used to be a cemetery!
Harriet and Juliet walked through the forest that had suddenly become scary. Everything seemed to be watching them. The wind howled and the branches creaked. HOOT
Juliet jumped, and Harriet laughed, “It’s just an owl, silly.”
They walked to a clearing with soft grass. “Let’s just wait and sleep here,” said Juliet
“Okay! I’ll take first watch, like in the movies.” 
“Why would we need that?” asked Juliet
“Well, in case some creepy ghosts come out,” answered Harriet. 
Juliet glared at her friend, then laid down and closed her eyes. “Tell me if anything happens,” she muttered sleepily. 
Juliet was walking through Wild Forest. It was night and the moon was high. All around her, there was noise, but she didn’t flinch. A wolf howled in the distance but she ignored it. Juliet kept walking until she saw a Glowing, Smiling, Rainbow Unicorn? Someone screamed, and Juliet woke up with a yelp, “WHAT’S WRONG!” 
