“Shhhhhh,” whispered Harriet. 
Juliet silenced herself, and they both heard something trampling over fallen branches and leaves towards them. As it got closer, they saw a large, shadowy silhouette, with animal ears, and brownish fur. They both screamed, scrambled to their feet, and ran in the opposite direction, “BEAR!”
As they ran, they heard the bear behind them. Suddenly, Juliet felt something under her foot, and she tripped. “Oww!” She screeched. 
She had cut her knee. The bear kept coming. Harriet knelt beside her friend, “Get up! It’s coming!”
“HEY THERE!” yelled a friendly voice and a flashlight shined its light on them. 
Juliet looked at the figure and realized that she was just a human dressed in a puffy, brown jacket, and wore a headband with fake ears. “Hello? You girl’s alright?”
“WE’RE SAVED!” cried Harriet in joy. 
The person stared at them for a moment and then walked up to them. She then quickly put Juliet’s arm around her shoulders. “Let’s go,” she beckoned, “The cabin isn’t that far away.” 
Quickly and Quietly, Harriet and Juliet walked with her until they reached a small wooden cabin. “Is it safe in there?” asked Harriet
“My crew’s in there,” the person replied, “There’s food too.”
Harriet and Juliet followed the person to a door where she knocked. “Hey! Welcome back Jollie!” cried the man at the door, “Who are these girls you’ve got with you?” 
“I found them, this is Harry and Jullie,” said Jollie, pointing to each of them. 
The Harriet gave her, her scariest glare. “Sorry, it’s Harriet and Juliet,” fixed Jollie, “Come on in girls.” 
Harriet and Juliet walked into the cabin where they saw that there were two other people sitting on chairs, drinking what smelled like hot chocolate. In the light, Juliet could see that Jollie was a lady with wavy brown hair and hazel eyes. With her outfit, she did look like a bear. Jollie took off her jacket, and Harriet saw that her T-shirt said, ‘I am a great scientist.’
“You guys are scientists?” asked Harriet in wonder. 
 “Yep.” answered one of the men in the chairs. 
“Okay!” said Jollie, “Introductions first!” She smiled, “this is George.” She pointed to the man who had opened the door. He had a tangly beard, and wore nothing but an ‘I am a great scientist’ T-shirt, and boxer shorts. Jollie’s smile faltered as she looked at him, “Can’t you put on some clothes?” 
“It’s hot,” complained George. 
Jollie shrugged then turned to the man sipping hot chocolate, “That’s Max.” She turned to the other lady, “That’s Cat.” 
They smiled at the girls. “I’m Harriet, and that’s Juliet,” said Harriet as Juliet nodded. 
“Here, have some hot chocolate,” said George, appearing from nearby. He handed them both cups of sweet brown liquid. In them bobbed a few snow-white, cylinder-shaped marshmallows. 
Juliet and Harriet both accepted it willingly. The hot liquid in Juliet’s mouth made her smile. “Thank you,” she said. 
“So,” said Jollie after a few minutes, “What are you doing in Wild Forest?” 
Harriet immediately launched into their story. From the bus ride, to getting lost in the woods. “...and then Jollie flashed her flashlight on us, and here we are.” 
“Wait, wait, so you girls were on a field trip and then some mean kid named Will scared Juliet, and she ran. You, Harriet, followed her and you got lost. Jollie found you and brought you here?” 
“In a nutshell,” muttered Juliet. 
“Hmmmmm…” though Cat, “THIS IS GOOD!”
“How is it good?” asked Harriet, skeptically. 
“It means that we can make the government pay ransom for you!” said Max
Harriet and Juliet looked at each other in panic. “Just kidding.” said Jollie, she gave Max and Cat a glare, “Don’t worry, they were just joking, don’t scare them.” 
After a few minutes of silene, George opened his mouth, “You girls can stay with us until morning, then we’ll send you back.” 
“I’ll check for missing person reports!” volunteered Jollie, she walked to her laptop and opened it. 
Minutes later, she let triumphant yowl, “FOUND IT! Two girls ran away on a field trip to Wild Forest, now missing. SERIOUSLY?!” 
