“Are you ready for the field trip?!” asked someone loudly in Juliet’s ear, she jumped. 
“Harriet, you know I’m scared of bugs,” she muttered quietly.
“Don’t worry, I can be your Princess Charming if you need me!”
Juliet sighed and went back to closing her eyes. She had always had a bad case of motion sickness, and sometimes talking to her best friend made it worse. “Please leave me alone,” she whispered. 
“I CAN’T HEAR YOU!!” Harriet sang. 
Juliet opened her eyes, in the distance, she could see the forest, its towering trees, and green leaves. “Isn’t it beautiful?” asked Harriet.
“Sure,” she said. 
“I can’t wait to go in there!”
“I wish I could stay on the bus instead,” said Juliet. 
“You could always ask Mr. Hellow,” whispered Harriet, “but he might punish you with one hundred push-ups!” 
“Nevermind,” said Juliet
“Juliet!” Harriet almost yelled, “Look outside!”
Outside, they could see trees with rich green leaves, and birds of different colors. There were flowers of vibrant colors, and some of the trees bore fruit. “Look a squirrel!” someone shouted. 
Juliet looked and saw it, its hazel brown fur, with a bushy tail that ended in a curl. It was holding a nut in its hands. She watched it bound away, into a hollow in a tree. 
Before they could see more, the bus drove away. “Aww man,” Juliet sighed, forests might have cute animals, but just thinking of the bugs and snakes, they instantly felt worse. 
“Was that cute?” asked Harriet
“I guess.”
“See, forests aren’t that bad!” 
“Sure,” said Juliet.
Harriet grinned, “What?” Juliet asked. 
Harriet smiled, “WE’RE HERE!” 
Juliet groaned, “Nooooooooo.”
From the front, Mr. Hellow yelled through his speaker, “ALL RIGHT BOYS AND GIRLS, GET READY FOR THE ADVENTURE OF A LIFETIME AT THE VERY, VERY, WILD FOREST!”
Juliet winced, Mr. Hellow was loud, and with his speaker, he was even louder.  and whispered in her friend’s ear, “What kind of forest is named Wild Forest?”
Harriet shrugged, “A wild one? You know if he keeps on being so loud, he’ll attract animals that might be carnivorous!”
Juliet stared at her friend, “Snakes!” she whispered. 
“Come on! Let’s go!”
They squeezed out the bus with the crowd. “Wow!” cried Harriet. 
From closer, the forest looked taller and healthier than the trees in her neighborhood. From afar, their leaves looked lush and green, but closer, Juliet noticed that some of them had holes. 
Juliet stared at it, she could already imagine the sneaky snakes and big bugs in the freaky forest. “Don’t worry, what could happen of a field trip to Wild Forest?” asked Harriet, noticing her expression of fear. 
Nearby, one of their classmates, Will, said, “I heard there are Giant Anacondas in there! And at night, ghosts come out because it used to be a cemetery!”
Juliet shivered, “Leave her alone!” cried Harriet, and dragged her friend away, “Don’t listen to him, he’s just messing with you.” 
Mr. Hellow pulled out his speaker again, “Form a two by two-line, and GET READY!” 
Everyone shuffled into a messy line, Mr. Hellow frowned but said nothing. Juliet and Harriet were at the very back of the line, right behind Will and his friend James. “Hey, ready to meet some snakes?” asked Will with a sneaky look on his face. 
Harriet glared at him, and he shut up. Juliet noticed that his backpack was unusually larger than before. Usually, Will brought the lightest backpack possible or made other people carry it. Today it seemed like he didn’t trust anyone else to carry it. There’s probably something important in there, or he’s finally going to start exercising. Thought Juliet. She would figure it out later.
Unfortunately, Harriet noticed too, “Hey Will!” she sang, “Do you want me to carry your backpack for you? It seems very heavy and I’m very strong!”
Will glared at her and shook his head, “I don’t need a girl to help me.” 
But Juliet noticed a look in Will’s eye as he said it. Just before she could open her mouth, Mr. Hellow shouted, “Let’s GO!” and they marched into the forest. 

